README.md, before:

# Introduction
In this notebook, you will build a deep neural network that functions as part of an end-to-end machine translation pipeline. Your completed pipeline will accept English text as input and return the French translation.

# Setup

## Amazon Web Services

This project requires GPU acceleration to run efficiently. Please refer to the Udacity instructions for setting up a GPU instance for this project, and refer to the project instructions in the classroom for setup. [link for AIND students](https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd889/parts/16cf5df5-73f0-4afa-93a9-de5974257236/modules/53b2a19e-4e29-4ae7-aaf2-33d195dbdeba/lessons/2df3b94c-4f09-476a-8397-e8841b147f84/project)

## Install
- Python 3
- NumPy
- TensorFlow 1.x
- Keras 2.x

# Start
This project is within a [Jupyter Notebook](http://jupyter.org/).  To start the notebook, run the command `jupyter notebook machine_translation.ipynb` in this directory.
Follow the instructions within the notebook.

# Submission
When you are ready to submit your project, do the following steps:
1. Ensure you pass all points on the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/1004/view).
2. Submit the following in a zip file:
  - `helper.py`
  - `machine_translation.ipynb`
  - `machine_translation.html` - You can export the notebook by navigating to **File -> Download as -> HTML (.html)**.

Commit message:

UPDATE project instructions & notebook for compatibility with GPU workspaces

README.md, after:

# Introduction
In this notebook, you will build a deep neural network that functions as part of an end-to-end machine translation pipeline. Your completed pipeline will accept English text as input and return the French translation.

# Setup

This project requires GPU acceleration to run efficiently. Support is available to use either of the following two methods for accessing GPU-enabled cloud computing resources.

## Udacity Workspaces (Recommended)

Udacity Workspaces provide remote connection to GPU-enabled instances right from the classroom. Refer to the classroom lesson for this project to find an overview of navigating & using Jupyter notebook Workspaces.

## Amazon Web Services (Optional)

Please refer to the Udacity instructions for setting up a GPU instance for this project, and refer to the project instructions in the classroom for setup. The recommended AMI should include compatible versions of all required software and libraries to complete the project. [link for AIND students](https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd889/parts/16cf5df5-73f0-4afa-93a9-de5974257236/modules/53b2a19e-4e29-4ae7-aaf2-33d195dbdeba/lessons/2df3b94c-4f09-476a-8397-e8841b147f84/project)

## Install
- Python 3
- NumPy
- TensorFlow 1.x
- Keras 2.x

# Submission
When you are ready to submit your project, do the following steps:
1. Ensure you pass all points on the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/1004/view).
2. Submit the following in a zip file:
  - `helper.py`
  - `machine_translation.ipynb`
  - `machine_translation.html`

## Converting to HTML

There are several ways to generate an HTML copy of the notebook:

 - Running the last cell of the notebook will export an HTML copy

 - Navigating to **File -> Download as -> HTML (.html)** within the notebook

 - Using `nbconvert` from the command line

    $ pip install nbconvert
    $ nbconvert machine_translation.ipynb
